We are in the printer at the Canada branch, and what's behind me is our high-speed printing press.
Since the printing press does not produce a finished product,
we need the finishing line in order to trim, stack, count, and pack Bible literature.
We need a new in-line finishing system because of the speed of the press,
the quantity that we produce, but also the variety of publications printed here in Canada.
Our brothers in the Britain branch are designing and manufacturing the new finishing line
because they have themselves a high-speed press and experience in designing and manufacturing equipment like that.
We could go out and buy a finishing line like this.
But one of the advantages of this system is that we can actually construct it ourselves exactly to our needs
and because of the way it's built, we can actually install it in quite a short period of time.
We have to install the whole machine inside a week, so it splits into 26 sections, each of which is mounted on wheels.
It's on 400 wheels, so it can actually be wheeled into place, which makes the end insulation much easier.
So we have 69 different motors.
There are over 30,000 pieces. There's over 3,000 drawings. It weighs about 8 tons and is over 40 metres long.
It's a wonder on 400 wheels.
Just now at this stage, we've been fitting in the region of a thousand parts a day.
We'll then divide it into its sections, put it into four shipping containers and it will be shipped to our Canada branch.
We had people from all over the world coming together to work on this project.
And the result is what you see behind me right now. We have a completed finishing line
and the quality that we're getting as a result of this line is better than anything we've had before.
It's been so wonderful to see how the organization and all this different branches work together
with the same common goal to produce Bible literature.
We're very happy to do it because of all the millions of people who will benefit.